Use the certificate role to create the cert and the key (#125)
linux-system-roles/mssql: README.md

#### `mssql_tls_certificates`

Use this variable to generate certificate and private key for TLS encryption using the `fedora.linux_system_roles.certificate`.

The value of `mssql_tls_certificates` is set to the variable `certificate_requests`
in the `certificate` role.
For more information, see the `certificate_requests` section in the `certificate` role documentation.

The following example generates a certificate FILENAME.crt in `/etc/pki/tls/certs` and a key FILENAME.key in `/etc/pki/tls/private`.
```yaml
mssql_tls_certificates:
  - name: FILENAME
    dns: *.example.com
    ca: self-sign
```
When you set this variable, you must not set `mssql_tls_cert` and `mssql_tls_private_key` variables.

Default: `[]`

Type: `list of dictionaries`

#### `mssql_tls_cert` and `mssql_tls_private_key`

Paths to the certificate and private key files to copy to SQL Server.

You are responsible for creating and securing TLS certificate and private key files.
It is assumed you have a CA that can issue these files.

> When you use this variable, the role copies TLS cert and private key files to SQL Server and configures SQL Server to use these files to encrypt connections.

Author: ^this variable^these variables^ ? ;)

Type: `string`

#### `mssql_certificates`

> A certificate and a key for TLS encryption are created using the `certificate` role.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set this variable to generate a certificate and a key for TLS encryption.
The role uses the `fedora.linux_system_roles.certificate` role to generate TLS certificate and key.
```
Replace passive voice with active.
mssql and linux_system_roles are in separate collections and RPMs, so mssql users might not know what we relate to when saying "certificate role". I am using the FQCN to point to roles to make it clearer. For the downstream, I then replace accordingly in the spec file.

Reviewer: I think I can edit the README to fix style, e.g. use active voice and make it consistent with the rest, after you finish your work, it will save you some time.

> The value of `mssql_certificates` is set to the variable `certificate_requests` for

Reviewer: Historically, the mssql role has variables related to tls encryption prefixed with `mssql_tls_`. I think it would be more intuitive to replace `mssql_certificates` with `mssql_tls_certificates`. And place the description of `mssql_tls_certificates` under `mssql_tls_enable` in readme.

    - microsoft.sql.server
```

### Setting Up SQL Server with TLS Encryption using self signed certificate and key created by the certificate role

    - name: Test with certs created by the certificate role
      include_role:
        name: linux-system-roles.mssql

>         public: true

Reviewer: Is setting `public: true` strictly required?

Reviewer 2: probably not - I'm assuming this is a copy/paste from a test
